Today, friends, we're going to compare two of the latest health
insurance plans for 2024.
Insurance companies offer amazing features in these plans, and
you also get the option of many add-ons.
Most importantly, you also get the option of
unlimited sum in short in both plans.
My purpose in making today's video is that
many of the features in these two plans are similar, that is, they are
common, but I
can highlight the differences for you so that
you don't have any confusion between these plans. The
first plan is ICICI
Lord's Elevate Health Insurance Plan,
and the second plan is Star Health Insurance
's Superstar Plan.
We'll learn about the eligibility conditions you'll face when purchasing both of these plans. Can
these plans be ported or migrated?
You'll find the answer to this in today's video.
We'll compare the coverage and benefits one-on-one so that the
differences surface and
you'll also know the various benefits offered.  I
will tell you and we will compare the pricing to find out
which of these two plans
is more affordable for you.
After comparing both the plans in detail,
I will also give my opinion on these plans
that what I think about these plans,
what shortcomings I noticed and what are the
special features in them. So what are you waiting for,
let's quickly start the video. First of all, we will
compare the eligibility conditions of both these plans. The first
point is the entry age, that is, what will be the
minimum and maximum
entry age limits for taking this policy.
We will know that in both these plans.
If we talk about ICICI Lombard Elevate Plan, then
for adult members, the
entry age capping is from 18 years to the maximum age, that is,
any adult up to this age can
take this policy. Whereas, in Superstar
Plan, the minimum age is 18 years and there is
no capping on the maximum entry age.
If we compare the
age of the dependent child, then  Under the
ICICI Lombard Elevate plan,
dependent children
can live with their parents under this policy from the age of 91 days to 30 years.
In the ICICI Lombard Elevate plan, the age limit is
capped from 91 days to 25 years in the
Superstar plan, meaning the age limit is 5 years
lower for dependent children.
Talking about renewal, both plans
can be renewed for life, and
both policies offer individual
and family floater options.
Now let's talk about the sum insured, i.e.,
how much coverage can you avail in both these plans.
Under the ICICI Lombard Elevate plan,
you can choose a sum insured ranging from ₹1 lakh to ₹1 crore
for your family. Along with this,
you also get the option of unlimited sum insured. Whereas,
under Star Health's Superstar plan, ₹1 lakh
is the minimum sum insured.  The maximum sum
insured is ₹1 lakh, and
you'll also get the option of unlimited sum insured under this plan.
Now let's talk about tenure, meaning
how long you can purchase a policy at a time.
Under the ICICI Lombard Elevate plan, you can buy a one-year policy and a long-term policy for
two or three years.
If you opt for a long-term policy,
you also get a discount.
Star Health Insurance's Super
Star plan offers this feature for the first time
in any plan. You
can buy a policy for up to five years at a time. This offers
two benefits: the
first benefit is a significant
discount on a long-term policy,
and the second is avoiding price revisions.
If policy prices are revised in the future,
they wo
n't affect your premium because
you've already purchased a five-year policy.
This 5-year option is only
available under the Superstar plan. There are
multiple variants within both plans, but no,
you only get the standard variant.  The
ICICI Lord Elevate plan is
also a standard plan.
Star Health Insurance's Superstar
plan also has a single variant.
However, within the standard plan, you can make changes.
You can modify your policy by choosing different add-ons or packages. The
next section of this comparison is to
understand the coverage and benefits of both plans. The
first point is the room rent limit. This
means that when a
policyholder is admitted to a hospital for treatment,
which category of room can they choose? How much
expense can they claim from the insurance company?
For which category?
In the standard plan of the ICICI Lord Elevate plan,
you can choose a single private
room. In the Star Health
Superstar plan, you can
choose any room category
within the standard variant. However, you can modify the
single private AC room of ICICI Lord,
but
you will have to pay extra for it
because you are choosing that add-on. The
standard policy includes a single private AC room.  You will
only get a room. Day care treatments, that is,
those procedures for which 24-hour
hospitalization is not necessary. These treatments are completed in three to four hours. The
listed day care treatments are
covered up to the sum insured in both the plans.
Domiciliary treatment and home care
treatment. See, domiciliary treatment is
treatment that we provide at home. Due to some compulsion, the
patient is in such a condition that he
cannot go to the hospital or if
beds are not available in the hospitals, then
we have to provide treatment at home. So, that is
secondary treatment. This treatment is
covered in both the plans. However,
you can avail this type of treatment after the approval of the insurance company.
If we talk about home treatment, then it is
treatment taken at home on your own will. The
treatment which we should have taken in the hospital,
we are getting it at home. So, the coverage of home treatment will be available to
you only
under the Superstar plan.
This feature is not available under the ICICI Lombard Elevate plan.
However, for home treatment,
you will have to first take approval from the insurance company.
You can avail the services of any of the listed home care service providers for home treatment.
Pre and post hospitalization
expenses: If we undergo any treatment for
which we claim in our health
insurance policy, then the expenses related to this treatment for
how many days before admission
and how many days after discharge will be
covered. These are called pre and
post hospitalization expenses.
If our treatment claim is approved, then
you can claim 90 days of pre hospitalization and 180 days of post hospitalization expenses under both the plans.
However, these claims will be
reimbursed to you i.e. after your treatment is completed,
you can claim these expenses from the insurance company.
You will get them later. There is
no capping on road ambulance expenses as well. This will also be covered as actuals
under both the plans.
Now comes the turn to discuss consumables, i.e.
non-medical items which are a
part of every treatment and every claim.
You will get these under both the plans.  This means that
coverages in both the IC Lombard Elevate plan and the Star Health Superstar plan are not available under the standard policy.
For this, you will have to
choose add-ons within both plans, only then can you avail
coverage for them. Now comes the most important point of
coverage: maternity, newborn
baby cover, and vaccination. Now,
what used to happen in earlier insurance plans was that a
plan either included maternity or not. There was no
mention of add-ons, no option. However, in the
latest plans that are coming out,
maternity has been
given as an add-on option. If these are
fixed within your health insurance plan, then
even those policyholders
who do not want maternity coverage, i.e., child birth
coverage, have to pay premium for it unnecessarily. So, here you can avail add-ons for
maternity vaccination and
newborn baby coverage in both variants.
Now, suppose my family
is complete and I do not want maternity expenses covered, then
why should I pay premium for it?
Therefore, these coverages have been offered here as add-ons.
In both the Lombard Elevate plan and the Star Health
Superstar plan, you can choose these coverages as add-
ons. What coverage will you get under these add-ons?
How many deliveries will be
covered? What is the sum insured?
What are the options? For this, I have
made separate individual videos for both these plans. You can check them out.
I am providing the link for the same
in the description of this video. You
can check out the individual videos later, in which you will
get a detailed picture. The next coverage of both these plans
is modern treatments, which is very
important. In both these plans, the
modern treatments listed are 12 modern
treatments, which are covered up to the sum
insured in both the plans. The
policy statement of both these plans mentions
that these modern treatments will be covered up to the sum
insured. Next is cumulative bonus.
If we do not make a claim, then how much will the sum
insured increase? So, if we talk about the IIC
Lombard Elevate Health Insurance Plan, then
here the guaranteed
sums will keep
increasing. What is the guarantee if there is a claim?  If the
sum insured is exhausted, it will
not be reduced by claims. If you use this money,
it will be exhausted, but it will
not be reduced by claims.
Therefore, it is called Guaranteed Cumulative Bonus.
The cumulative bonus in Star Health's Super Star plan is 50% per
claim-free year, which means your sum
insured will increase by 50% and
can double to a maximum within 2 years if
you do not make any claim. The next important
feature is restoration benefit. If
our basic sum insured
or the cumulative bonus along with it is exhausted due to any treatment, then
how many times will we get the restoration benefit
and up to what limit? Will
both same and unrelated illnesses be covered in it?
If we talk about IC Lord
Elevate Plan, then the name of this benefit here
is Ifna Reset, which means
your amount will keep getting reset for an unlimited time up to 100% of the sum insured,
whether it is the same illness
or unrelated.  If there is an illness, then in Star
Health Insurance's Superstar Plan
also you get a restoration benefit of up to 100% of the sum insured
for
unlimited times in a year. Next
important feature is Freeze Your Age. This is
related to your health insurance premium. It is being talked about
freezing your age, that is,
your health
insurance premium also increases with your age, so
according to this premium your age will be frozen, that is,
your health insurance
premium will be frozen. This feature is in
Star Health Insurance's
Superstar Plan. That is, when you
buy a health insurance policy or
take the Superstar Plan, your premium on that day will
remain the same until you make a claim. The condition is that
you will have to take this policy before the age of 50 years
and this feature will be deactivated after the age of 55 years.
You do not get any such feature in the IIC Lord Elevate Plan,
which
can save your premium to a great extent from inflation. Next is the
Wellness Program. Wellness Program means by
keeping your lifestyle active, up to what
percentage can you reduce your premium?  You can save up to Rs. 10000, although this
is a very rare feature, very few people track it. So, if we
talk about ICICI Loard Elevate plan, then savings of up to Rs. 3000
can be made. Whereas, in Star Health
Insurance's Superstar plan, up
to Rs. 20000 can be saved on renewal premium
with wellness program. Now
comes the turn to discuss the copayment feature.
As an add-on, you
can choose the copayment feature in both the plans, that is, if
any claim comes, you will pay a fixed percentage of it and the
insurance company will pay the remaining claim, in return of which
you get some discount in the premium. So,
you can choose add-on in both these plans.
Now let's talk about
deductible. This is also a similar feature,
but there is no fixed percentage in it. There is a
fixed amount in it, which will be the
annual aggregate
deductible.
You will have to pay this limit within the entire year, after which the insurance
company will start the coverage. So, this
deductible option is available to you in Star
Health Superstar plan.  You will get this
from IC. There
is no deductible option in the Lombard Elevate plan. The next feature
is compassionate travel. This means that if any of your
immediate family members are far away from your family
and are admitted for treatment in an emergency or
life-threatening situation,
and no
family member is with them, then one
family member can claim the travel expenses
from the insurance company.
If you have taken this add-on of
compassionate travel in both the plans, you
can add this feature as an add-on. The
next point is annual health
checkup. This is the most rarely used
feature because in the old plans,
you got the facility of annual health checkup.
Insurance companies used to
charge you for this, but this is a very
rarely used feature.
Almost people over 70 do
not use this annual health checkup. Therefore,
what companies do now is provide it as an add-on.
Whoever wants to use it can
add it as an add-on.  Those who do
not need it are not charged for it. So
here too, in both the plans,
you will get the feature of annual health checkup as an add-on.
In the Lamba Elevate plan,
you can get an annual health checkup done for Rs 5000.
Whereas in Star Health Insurance's
Superstar plan, you will be able to get annual health tests done at % of your sum
insured and maximum up to Rs 25000.
Now
comes the turn to discuss air ambulance.
If we talk about ICICI Lombard Elevate plan, then
you will have to take air ambulance coverage as an add-on.
Whereas in Star Health Insurance's
Superstar plan, you get air ambulance coverage of up to ₹ lakh in the
standard plan.
Now, friends, till here you
understood the standard coverage and benefits of both the plans. I
told you the difference. Now I am going to compare the add-ons of both the plans. That
is, to
what extent you can modify and personalize the standard policy.
You will also get an idea of ​​that. After understanding this add-ons
section, first of all
I will tell you about the IAC  I will discuss the add-ons of the Lombard Elevate plan. The
first add-on
is Infinite Care. In this, you can convert
any one claim in your entire lifetime into unlimited sum
insured.
You will have to choose this at the policy inception itself
and you cannot opt ​​out of it later.
The second add-on is Power Booster. In this, the
company says that if you take this add-on, then
every year, whether you get any claim
or not, your 100% cumulative
bonus will keep accruing up to unlimited
times. Suppose I have a policy of ₹10 lakh
and I have taken the add-on of Power Booster
under the IC Lombard Elevate plan. Whether I get
any claim this year or not, next year
my policy will become worth ₹1 lakh. The year after that, it will become worth
₹1 lakh and it will go up
to an unlimited amount. But you will have to take this add-on.
Power Booster. Jump Start
is also a very good add-on. Jump Start
tells you that whatever pre-
registered
room you have, you can
modify the room inside the Lombard Elevate plan.
You get a single private AC
room, but you can modify it. You
can upgrade it to any room or
downgrade it to a twin-
sharing room. Both options are available to you. If
you upgrade, your
premium will increase slightly, but if you downgrade,
your premium will also decrease slightly. The
next add-on is waiting period
reduction.
You can reduce the waiting period mentioned, whether it's for
specific diseases, i.e.,
listed medical procedures, which have a
waiting period of 2 years, to 1
year.
You can also reduce the waiting period for pre-existing diseases. Along with
this,
you can also reduce the waiting period for maternity. If
you take on this waiting period modification,
it's obvious
that you'll have to pay extra money
to the insurance company.
I've already mentioned the maternity benefits add-on in the comparison. Along with this,
you can also take the Be Fit OPD
add-on.  You can also avail of this rider i.e. if
you take a B-Fit rider, you
also get OPD coverage. If you travel out of
India, you
can extend the coverage of this plan. Now, apart from these add-ons, there are two such
add-ons which are benefit-based add-ons, in which
you have to choose a fixed sum insured
and if any incident happens, then the
company pays you a lump sum amount. What are these
benefits? These
are personal accidental cover and critical
illness cover. Personal accidental cover says
that if an adult member dies accidentally during this policy
tenure, then
whatever sum insured he has chosen will be
given to his family or nominee. Along with
this, permanent total
disability is also covered under it. Whereas,
critical illness add-on says that if any
listed critical illness which is
listed in the policy wording is diagnosed, then
whatever sum insured is chosen in this add-on.  The sum assured is
also given to the policy holder
for treatment. Now
apart from this, you can also take the add-on of Conveyance Benefit and Compassionate Visit
under the ICICI Lombard Elevate Plan, under which
you will also get the benefit of long term hospitalization and if any immediate family
member is hospitalized somewhere away from the family, then the
travel expenses of the
immediate family member can also be claimed. The
next add-on is Durable
Medical Equipment Cover, that is,
you can also claim the listed durable medical equipment under your policy.
If it is a part of any treatment or is a doctor
's prescription, then you will be able to claim its
expenses under this ICICI Lombard
Elevate Plan and the
final add-on is Claim Protector, this is
for consumable items. If you want to include
consumable items, which are non-medical
items, in your plan,
then
you will also have to take the add-on of Claim Protector. Now
friends, till here we have discussed about ICC  Having
understood the add-ons of the Lombard Elevate plan, we will now
understand the add-ons of Star Health Insurance's Superstar plan in detail,
what options we get in this plan,
whether they are less or more,
you will also get an idea of ​​this. So the
first add-on is Limitless Care.
Limitless Care says that you can stretch
any one claim up
to an unlimited amount in the lifetime of this policy,
which is the same feature you
get in the IIC Lombard plan as well and you will have to
choose this at the inception of this policy itself
when you are taking the policy, you
can take this add-on at the same time. The second add-on is
Smart Network. In Smart Network,
Star Health Insurance says that
if you
take treatment in those hospitals by taking this add-on on our website, then
you will get the full claim, but if you have taken
this Smart Network add-on and take treatment
outside that list of hospitals, then a
copayment of 15% will be
charged from you and if  If you get treatment in those hospitals,
you will get a discount of 15% on the premium. This means that by
opting for Smart Network, you can save 15%. However,
you will have to get treatment only in those hospitals
listed under Smart Network. If
you do
not choose this add-on, then you
can get treatment anywhere. Quick Shield:
Quick means very quick, and Shield
means protection. So, here we are
talking about providing protection to something very quickly. So,
you can cover those listed conditions which are visible on the screen right now from 31 days, which means no
waiting period will be applicable on these.
You get the same feature in
ICICI Lombard Elevate Plan as
well. The next add-on is Super Star
Bonus. Here, Star Health Insurance has
come into the competition and it says
that if you do not make a claim with us, then
your 100% sum assured will keep increasing every year till
unlimited times. This means there
is no limit on the maximum amount of acumen, but you will have to opt for
Superstar Bonus.  Next point
is related to maternity. Here too, Star
Health Insurance has provided three options - Option A and
Option B. Option C covers your normal delivery and caesarean
delivery. Apart from this,
if you take Option C, then you
can also get coverage like assisted reproductive treatment in which procedures like IVF are
also covered.  For more details,
you can refer to Star Health Insurance's
separate video on the Superstar plan.
I've provided a link to it in the description of the video.
Women Care is a crucial
add-on offered by the Superstar plan. The
Women Care plan
is designed for female policyholders who
wish to avail this plan during pregnancy. Will
their delivery charges be covered?
No, that's not possible. However,
one thing they can do is
provide coverage for their newborn from day one. For this, they will need to complete
a simple task: submit their
scan reports from the 12th and 20th weeks of pregnancy to
Star Health Insurance.
After that, if
their proposal is approved, they will
receive the policy. If they avail the Women Care add-on, they
can receive coverage for their newborn from day one. If
a complication occurs, this is also a
very good feature that will provide coverage to the child.
Next on the list is high-end
diagnostics.  There are some high-end
tests which are part of your treatment, then
you can cover their expenses in OPD as well,
which you can see on the screen right now,
you will be
able to cover their expenses in OPD as well, but you will have to take this add-on
in this policy. Next is room
rent modification. Now here is the
limit for any room, that is, you can choose any room,
but if you feel that why do
you have to pay for any room without any reason, then
you can downgrade your limit
of room rent. You can choose a room from single private,
you can choose twin sharing
and along with this, you
can also choose the option of general ward. Next
is the add-on which will reduce your waiting period.
If any member in your policy has
any pre-existing disease and you do
not want to wait for 3 years, which is
its waiting period, then you can reduce it to
24 months or even 1 year. And the
waiting period for your specific disease can
also be reduced to 24 months.  You can pay extra premium from 1 month to 1 year i.e.
12 months for this. You will have to
pay extra premium for this.
You will also get the add-on of hospital cash in the Superstar plan, in
which you can take this from ₹1 to ₹5000000. There
is a limit of ₹1 lakh in lifetime, which you can claim for purchasing these durable
medical equipment
if
they are prescribed by a doctor as part of any treatment.
Apart from this,
you also get the option of compassionate visit, in
which you can claim ₹1000000 for immediate travel expenses of the family member for the
computer to visit your family member.
Apart from this, we have already discussed the voluntary payment and
deductible options
in the coverage and benefits section.
Now friends,
we have compared the advance, now I am going to
tell you the waiting period of these plans,
for which treatment, which medical
How much waiting period will be applicable for the condition?
If we talk about both the plans, then the
initial waiting period
is 30 days.
If you are taking a fresh policy within the first 30 days, then
you can take it only for accidental treatment. The
second waiting period is for
specific diseases, that is, the listed
medical conditions, operations, surgeries,
these should be covered after 24 months.
However, in both the plans, you can
reduce this waiting period to 12 months.
And the final waiting period
is pre-
agistify,
which is my analysis, which I feel in my opinion,
I am going to tell you that.
First of all, let us talk about some of the features of IICE Lombard Elevate plan. In
this,
you have been given the theme of IFIT, in which there is
IFNA sum insured, IFNA reset
or IFNA claim, IFNA claim
bonus, so this theme
gives you a lot of independence, you a lot of  It provides an
abundance of benefits, making you feel
confident that your sum insured will
not fall short in any emergency.
This is a very positive sign for policyholders.
Another important feature is that there is no
maximum entry age for adult members.
However, following IRDA guidelines, this
maximum entry age capping will be removed from most plans.
This plan is the latest in the line. There is
no specific age cap. What
makes the ICICI Lord Elevate plan unique is
its flexible add-ons.
You can completely customize your policy with these add-ons. Ten
people may have the
ICICI Lord Elevate plan,
but all ten plans can be different from each other
because each policyholder has
chosen add-ons and
designed the policy accordingly. This
plan offers a lot of flexibility to its policyholders and also includes some very important add-ons.  Some of the
benefits offered under this plan are Jump Start, which gives you early coverage for any pre-existing condition. Apart from this, the waiting period can also be reduced. Whether you have a pre-existing disease or a specific disease, you will get these unique benefits under this plan. Now
we come to the shortcomings of this ICICI Lombard plan
that are visible now. The
first drawback is
that there is a compulsion of some add-ons. When you
port the policy under Fresh, you
can take both the Basic Pack and the Essential Pack.
But when you port the policy,
you have to take some defined add-ons. So, it is
possible that I do
not have the flexibility to decide whether I need these add-ons or not.
Apart from this, most of the add-ons offered
which pre-pay or
increase your coverage, especially for pre-existing
disease conditions, have
loadings applicable in them like the earlier plans, which means
you have to pay some extra
money.  This could be because there's a significant difference between
naming an add-on, understanding the feature, and
actually paying for it. This could
increase your premium significantly. However, the insurance
company does offer these options.
Now, let's discuss some of the unique benefits of Star Health
Insurance's Superstar plan. The
first
benefit is the absence of a room rent
limit, although you can modify it. There's
no room rent limit. The
second unique feature is "Freeze Your
Age." It's great that by
purchasing the policy today, you're keeping yourself fit. There are
no claims, and
your premium will remain the same.
Premiums won't increase unnecessarily. This
helps you beat inflation. It's
not a bonus, meaning
you don't have to pay extra for it. It's a
feature of the standard policy. Next
is the Superstar Bonus. The Superstar Bonus
gives you the freedom to accumulate sums and shorts for an unlimited number of times. It's
quite unique.
And the second thing is that this is quite unique for a
traditional health insurance company like Star Health. It is
quite new because in
their other plans, you will
not get cumulate bonus even on 50%. So here
you are being given the opportunity to collect cumulate bonus at 100% and unlimited times. So,
I would call this a very courageous move by Star
Health Insurance Company.
Apart from this,
you are also offered five types of discounts within the Star Health Superstar plan.
For more information about these discounts,
you can refer to the policy terms or brochure.
What are those discounts
that you will get? Now friends, I also see some shortcomings in Star
Health Insurance's Superstar plan. Let's
discuss them once. The first drawback is
that this plan is not available offline.
If you want agent-assisted purchase,
you want to buy Star Health Insurance's Superstar plan from your agent from
whom you buy health insurance.
So, for now,
we are talking about October 2024. So,
currently this plan is not available offline.
You will get this plan through Policy Bazaar.  You have to
take it from the portal only, not from the agent portal.
It is available directly on the customer's portal. The
second shortcoming I see is
with Star Health Insurance and the company itself. That is, offline
reimbursement is a problem or a
hassle because nowadays every
insurance company asks you to scan their documents.
Scan it from the app and
upload it on the website. Your remembrance
claim gets processed.
But perhaps Star Health Insurance will also
convert its offline reimbursement to online because when a
plan like Star Health Superstar has come,
which will be sold online, then
who will file its reimbursement claim? For this,
you will have to go for online remembrance only. So, it is
possible that it will also be
updated soon and you will see that
online reimbursement within health insurance will
start soon
and it should also be done because online
remembrance
is favorable for the customers, it is convenient and this is
also the need of the hour. Now friends, there are so many innovative
plans, so many  ADs are offered in these plans,
so can I port or migrate between these two plans?
Now, suppose
I had a policy that does
n't have many of the features I
currently need in these plans, can
I port or migrate between these plans? There's a
big difference here too. If you
want to buy the Lombard Elevate plan,
you can port or migrate here. However, to
buy Star Health Insurance's Superstar plan, you'll need to buy a fresh policy. Only
fresh policyholders can
buy this plan. If you
want to port,
you won't have the option of Star Health Insurance Superstar. To
compare [music],
companies offer many features here, including
unlimited coverage.
But what is the price? We have to pay the money, so the
value of the thing will be known only when we know what
features we're getting for how much money. Only then
can we decide its worth. So, for
premium comparison,
I've used the family size of two adults and
two children.  Their age is 38 and 35
years and the age of children is 12 years
and nine years. Their address is Delhi, that is,
Jan A will be within as per both the
plans and the
sum in short is ₹ lakh. If I take the standard plan for ICICI
Lombard Elevate Health Insurance Plan, then I have
modified the room rent in it,
I have chosen the option of any room and along with
it I have also added the add-on of power booster.
After that, the premium that this family will have to pay
for one year is Rs
3165 only. These prices can change
according to time. The current prices are
for the Elevate plan, this family will have to pay this much for
this coverage. Now let's talk about
Star Health Insurance's
Superstar plan. For the same family
size with a sum insured of Rs 20 lakh,
if we add the add-on of consumer bills in the standard plan, then this
family will have to pay Rs
3855 only, that is, the normal plan.  There is
no room rent capping,
we have only given a deduction for the consumer bill, so
they will have to pay Rs 855. However, if we modify this plan
further and
add a Superstar Bonus for unlimited coolant bonus,
along with limitless care, that is, if
one claim can be extended to an unlimited amount in the entire lifetime, then
this family will have to pay Rs
8228 annually. Now that more
clarity has been provided, you can like
this video to show your love and support. Do
share it wherever necessary.
If you have not yet subscribed to the channel,
please subscribe
because, as always,
you will find very important videos related to insurance on the Insurance
Impact channel. Using this information,
you can increase your awareness and
knowledge level so that you can use your
insurance policy in the most efficient manner.
Buying a health insurance policy for your family is very easy, but the
biggest problem is the health insurance
policy claim.  In filing because we do
not understand its claim process properly.
What is the step by step process of cashless claim process and reimbursement claim process of a health insurance?
If you want to know this, then
you can see the complete information by clicking on this video.
I, Harvinder Singh, now take your permission. I will get your
permission in the next video. Till then,
take care of yourself, stay happy
and stay healthy. Jai Hind.